update readme (#317)
kadena-io/pact-5: README.md

   ```
4. Execute `pact` and have fun :-)

## Pact-5 vs Pact

> Pact-5 (initially referred to Pact Core) is a comprehensive rewrite of the Pact language, focusing on enhancing scalability, maintainability, and performance in response to increasingly complex demands from users and partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pact 5 (initially referred to as Pact Core) is a comprehensive rewrite of the Pact language, focusing on enhancing scalability, maintainability, and performance in response to increasingly complex demands from users and partners.
```

This new implementation enables sustainable growth of the Pact featureset within the Kadena ecosystem through more modular and maintainable internals, empowering the community to further develop and propose enhancements to the language and its dependent components.

> Pact-5 maintains semantic equivalence to the original Pact implementation, with select modifications made to enhance security and performance. Existing code will continue to function as expected. Breaking modifications will be communicated using the [Kadena Improvement Process](https://github.com/kadena-io/kips) (KIP) process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pact 5 maintains semantic equivalence to the original Pact implementation for the most part, with select modifications made to enhance security and performance. Existing code will mostly continue to function as expected. Breaking modifications are in <migration doc link>
```
